docs: cli instructions doc (#3356)
akuity/kargo: docs/docs/60-new-docs/20-quickstart/index.md

    <TabItem value="kargo-cli" label="Using the Kargo CLI">

>     Install the Kargo CLI for your operating system from the <Hlt>CLI</Hlt> Tab
>     in the [Kargo Dashboard](https://localhost:31444/downloads):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Download the Kargo CLI for your operating system and CPU architecture from
    the [Kargo Dashboard's Downloads page](https://localhost:31444/downloads):
```

    ![CLI Tab in Kargo UI](./img/cli-installation.png)

>     Then move the `kargo` binary (for Mac, Linux, or WSL) or `kargo.exe` (for Windows)
>     to a location in your file system that is included in the
>     value of your `PATH` environment variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Rename the downloaded binary to `kargo` (or `kargo.exe` for Windows) and
    move it to a location in your file system that is included in the value of
    your `PATH` environment variable.
```
